[JavaScript] Add new concept excercise: array-destructuring (#2536)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/exercises/concept/array-destructuring/.docs/introduction.md

Javascript's array destructuring syntax is a concise way to extract values from an array and assign them to distinct variables.

> In this example, we assign each value in the `numberOfMoons` array to its corresponding planet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, each value in the `numberOfMoons` array is assigned to its corresponding planet:
```
